Tests with Minimal Hosting Model (#23907)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/integration-tests.md

[!code-csharp[](integration-tests/samples/3.x/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests/IndexPageTests.cs?name=snippet3)]

> ## Test app with minimal hosting model

Reviewer: I think this might go better as part of the "Basic tests with the default WebApplicationFactory" section. The basic point we need to convey is that `Program` can be used instead of `Startup` for WebApplicationFactory's generic parameter. Now in .NET 6 that we use `WebApplication.CreateBuilder()` in all of the ASP.NET Core templates, we should update the main sample to use `Program`.

We will need to point out as this PR does that you need to make `Program` visible to the test project either with InternalsVisibleTo or by making `Program` public with a partial class declaration.

> ASP.NET Core 6 introduced the minimal hosting model which is a more simple way to set up a web application and integrates the `Startup.cs` file in the `Program.cs` file. It also uses [top-level statements](/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/program-structure/top-level-statements) and [global `using` directives](/dotnet/csharp/whats-new/csharp-10#global-using-directives). 
> 
> To test with `WebApplicationFactory` or `TestServer`, the user needs to make changes in the ASP.NET Core 6 application in **one** of the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core 6 introduced [`WebApplication`](/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.builder.webapplication) which removed the need for a `Startup` class. To test with `WebApplicationFactory` without a `Startup` class, the ASP.NET Core 6 application needs to expose the implicitly defined `Program` class to the test project in **one** of the following ways:
```

> * Project file (.csproj), the project file should contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Expose internal types from the web application to the test project. This can be done in the project file (.csproj)
* ```

  ```xml
  <ItemGroup>
       <InternalsVisibleTo Include="MyTestProject" />
  </ItemGroup>
  ```

> * A public partial Program class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make the `Program` class public using a partial class declaration
```

  ```diff
  var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);
  // ... Configure services, routes, etc.
  app.Run();
  + public partial class Program { }
  ```

After making the changes in the Web application. The test project now can use the `Program` class for the `WebApplicationFactory`.

```csharp
[Fact]
public async Task HelloWorldTest()
{
    var application = new WebApplicationFactory<Program>()
        .WithWebHostBuilder(builder =>
        {
            // ... Configure test services
        });
        
    var client = application.CreateClient();
    ...
    }

> ```

Reviewer: In the other samples we don't new up a `WebApplicationFactory` directly. Instead, all the other examples use an `IClassFixture` and/or a derived class. We could show this way as well, but it's not specific to the new hosting model. This worked before too (just with `Startup` instead of `Program`). We should either remove the sample and use `Program` instead of `Startup` everywhere (my preference), or make it more similar to the other samples so it's clear only the generic parameter needs to change.
